This device uses the GPIB to USB adapter to communicate. You have to tell the instrument to send outputs back with newline terminators in order to successfully understand that a query to an instrument is done returning a string. This though creates an issue where responses are returned with those characters on the end to this driver. The setting in PyVisa is set in the driver constructor to consume the \r\n every time something is read.
After the instrument is warmed up, you have to put the password in. It is 4321. The only problem is very few of the buttons dont work well so this has to be done remotely.
For some reason when the command is issued to start a sweep and the laser has just turned on, the instrument freezes for about 5 seconds where nothing happens on the screen and PyVisa complains that the timeout has been exceeded if a command is sent during that time. Making the program sleep for that long appeared to fix the issue, which is documented in the driver.
The instrument takes around 4 minutes and 34 seconds to turn on and reach the password input screen after pressing the on button on the instrument. It then takes around 53 seconds to reach the main screen after inputting the password. I had a hard time figuring out how to turn on the instrument then run PTCS to wait until the instrument is ready and run the tests. Using the init query to the instrument was not really working well, probably because of the lack of message terminator character sequence. If you want to run the program and have it wait until the instrument is ready then automatically run tests, it may be best to create a test that has two python scripts that run back to back. The first one sleeps for 4:34 then runs a command to input a password then sleeps for 0:53. Then another test is run (to initialize the termination sequence by reinitializing the driver) to run whatever is necessary to be run.